The Azure Striker Mod is a mod that allows you to become the Azure Striker.

It adds a new class, the septima class, which has no weapons and rely on the player's natural powers (their septima).
The content added includes:
* 39 accessories
* 6 armor sets
* One weapon with an upgrade system that includes 
	* 7 upgrades, which can be combined in the same weapon
* A skill system based on ASG1 and ASG2's system, with 15 different special skills, ranging from buffs to attacks

For people unfamiliar with Gunvolt, here is an introduction to the gameplay:
The player has two different resources to watch for, their EP and SP.
EP is the bar at the top of the screen.
SP are the yellow bars at the bottom left corner.
EP is used whenever the player activates their main attack, and SP is used whenever the player uses any special skill.
EP recovers quickly, however SP recovers very slowly.
When the player runs out of EP, they enter an overheated state, where EP recovers slower and they are unable to use the resource until it fills up completely.
To the left, under the inventory, there is an icon which shows what skill is selected.
When using a skill, the cost of the skill will be deducted from the SP bar and the skill will activate.
Skills can be unlocked through consuming items and progressing in the game to increase the Level and Stage, which are shown under the EP bar.
To deal aditional damage to targets, search for weapons to tag them with.
Tagged enemies are dealt more damage from the player's main attack, tag damage is also unavoidable.
The higher the tag level, the higher the damage.

That is all! Enjoy

Changelog 
+ Added full Pulsar Set.
+ Increased pulsar fragments droped by the pilars.
+ Increased Azure Striker's Armed Phenomenon Attack scaling from source potency.
+ Made the Azure Striker immune to Electrified.
+ Added Shadowstriker from TE.
+ Added Electroshock, it differs from TE's version.
+ Removed stage requirements to unlock Dragonsphere.
* Dragonsphere is no longer unlocked upon finding any Dragon Vein, instead a specific one must be found before it can be unlocked.